Weight tracker;

Utilize json to save the date, weight and whether or not I went on a walk/exercised.

Normal date format.
Weight will be tracked with integer.
Walk will be measured in distance, in float km, that will come from user input for now.
    (Using samsung health app to get the distance.)

Wants; (Things I would want to add in the future to make this into a real app.)
    - A map that tracks the walks and distance.
    - A


Functions needed;
- An exporter that creates and write to json.file.
- Importer to bring in the information to print it and to utilize it.
- UI;
- Calculations to calc the weight week by week. And how much progress in total.
- Function to send the above data to separate json file.
- Take the input of current weight, how many km walked and if I went to gym.

While loop;
- Clear the console.
- Show the progress by printing the data in the json.file with for loop.
- Start function to take todays data.


Thoughts;
    Should make it so that there are two different lists or txt files to hold the data.
        One for holding one week at a time of data and the other is the summarized data
        such as how far user walked that week and how much change in weight.
    And for every week, check the weight difference between start and end of week and
        add the difference as value for that week.

Thoughts (2024-01-26)
Need to take input of the data.
Add it to a dictionary as values to respective keys.
Add that dictionary to another dictionary that is named based on the number of the day
    of the week.

Thoughts (2024-01-27);
Maybe I should add a weekday key to the data and have the days number as the value.
    Then I can take the first index of the week and compare it with the last index currently
    in the file for that week and

The summary function needs;
    To sum up the total amount of km's that I have walked that week.
    Sum up the total loss/gain in weight for that week.
    Sum up how many times I went to the gym.

    Maybe I only need to add the current days weight to the day key and let the walk/gym variables
    simply increase in value with "+=" under the week key?